Laverne needs to prepare something for her friend's party. She decides to bake a batch of brownies. She chooses a recipe and follows it closely. Laverne tests one of the brownies to make sure it is delicious. The brownies are so delicious Laverne eats two of them.

Rick grew up in a troubled household. He never found good support in family, and turned to gangs. It wasn't long before Rick got shot in a robbery. The incident caused him to turn a new leaf. He is happy now.

Ron started his new job as a landscaper today. He loves the outdoors and has always enjoyed working in it. His boss tells him to re-sod the front yard of the mayor's home. Ron is ecstatic, but does a thorough job and finishes super early. His boss commends him for a job well done.

Sarah had been dreaming of visiting Europe for years. She had finally saved enough for the trip. She landed in Spain and traveled east across the continent. She didn't like how different everything was. Sarah decided that she preferred her home over Europe.

Karen was assigned a roommate her first year of college. Her roommate asked her to go to a nearby city for a concert. Karen agreed happily. The show was absolutely exhilarating. Karen became good friends with her roommate.




Gina was worried the cookie dough in the tube would be gross. She was very happy to find she was wrong. The cookies from the tube were as good as from scratch. Gina intended to only eat 2 cookies and save the rest. Gina liked the cookies so much she ate them all in one sitting.

I had been giving this homeless man change everyday. He was on the same corner near my house. One day, as I was driving through my neighborhood I saw a new car. Soon enough, I saw the same homeless man emerge from it. I never gave the man money again.

It was my final performance in marching band. I was playing the snare drum in the band. We played Thriller and Radar Love. The performance was flawless. I was very proud of my performance.

Jim found an old disposable camera in the bottom of his junk drawer. He began snapping away at everything around him. The counter clicked down to one final photo. The gravity of the situation began to dawn on Jim. Jim took time to decide what he would take a picture of.

John and Billy became very skilled at beer pong. They entered a contest in college. They won the contest and advanced to the next level. The next level sent them to Vegas. In Vegas, John and Billy competed against eighty contestants.



